Let's talk about some viral design.
How are we going to make your shitty app designs actually look good in an influ
encer video
so that it converts and it goes viral?
It's not overly complicated.
It's kind of about branding your own app.
And what I mean by this, let me just break this down.
If you have an influencer, talk about your app.
If you have a paid app, talk about your app.
If you're making UGC content and they're showing your app, you need people to
know it's
your app.
There's so many videos where people show apps and the video blows up, but then
everyone's
asking in the comments, "What app is that?"
And no one fucking knows.
And you're not going in the comments and responding, so it doesn't actually
work.
No one finds out and then it doesn't convert.
And by the way, let me preface by saying or go back and say, "You want people
commenting,
"What app is that?"
That's a very good sign, but people should be able to figure it out if they
looked hard
enough in the video.
People are always going to comment, "What app is that?"
Because consumers are generally not smart and so they'll see something they're
lazy.
They'll just comment instead of doing their hard work themselves.
But influencers show your app on screen.
How are people going to know it's your app?
A few ways.
One, let's see what we do in KaliEye.
In KaliEye, we have the name of KaliEye Big at the top of the app screen on the
homepage.
So if an influencer shows it, boom, right there.
We also do the same thing on the scanning page.
It's actually not updated here.
This is an old version, but we replace scanner with big text that says "calai"
on influencers.
Actually something interesting that we did is I didn't like always having Kali
Eye and
branding it for regular users because I thought it was low quality to just put
names on everything.
For example, I'm someone who doesn't wear clothing with labels typically or
brand names
typically.
So I feel the same way about apps.
So we have two separate versions of the app, one for the creator and one for
users.
The one for the creator has the big KaliEye right here, very big, because this
is the
screen everyone's showing off.
It's the scan screen, the core traction.
And so we need it there.
When the influencer shows it, we want people to know and think that it is Kali
Eye.
And for users, we don't show that.
We have it at the top on the homepage, but we do not show it in the scanner.
I'd say that's the main thing, just making it super obvious from content what
your app
is.
And the best way to do that is literally by putting your name and putting your
logo.
Okay.
How else can we make the design viral?
People like visuals on social media.
People want things to be cool.
They want it to be aesthetic.
If for KaliEye, we had, if the screens looked very, first of all, okay, saying
a lot, this
goes into the general design principles for everything, but you need it to be
straightforward
and simple.
If you have too much going on, then if your app is shown in a frame of a video
for like
two seconds and you have so much, no one will know what they're seeing.
You need the app, the contents of the app to be very simple and concise so that
it's
very obvious on a glance what's going on.
They understand exactly the process of what's happening.
Also, you do need cool visuals.
So when things are happening, you want it to look nice.
When you take a picture of food on KaliEye, you go, you take the picture, not
much.
You can do it just a camera.
Then we show it analyzing and we've basically created a three-step flow for all
influencers
where they will show taking a picture, show scanning, and then they'll go to
the results
page and they'll show what the result is ultimately.
It's loading right now.
We require this for all influencers and really all ad creators in general.
They'll show the taking picture, the loading, and then this page.
This is actually an outdated version.
This one is more recent.
You'll want to think about the main flow, the main aha moment.
You should call it that influencers should show off.
I'm a believer every app, pretty much every app, 99% even, has an aha moment.
Whatever your users realize that they're getting the value.
For KaliEye, it's okay, you take a picture of your food and you get the
calories.
For Quitter, I think it's the first time it actually helps you, it stops you
from your
urges.
I think the panic button is really the big thing.
It's like the big core action that is like a viral action.
It's flashy.
It's in your face.
There are a bunch of other examples on this as well.
You'll want to come up with your aha moment and then just make sure that that
is branded
well so that when your influencers talk about it.
Not just, I know I keep saying influencers, but when the app is shown in some
kind of ad
or some kind of marketing material, it is easy to understand from a glance,
easy to understand
what's going on to comprehend what the app does to comprehend the value that
they're receiving
and make sure it's in sequential order and make sure that the name of your app
and your
logo is shown very clearly so that people know where to go download it
afterwards.
These are the main principles to keep in mind.
You should iterate, you should always change things, see how they affect
conversion rate
and that's how we go from here.
Good luck.
[ Silence ]